docs: docs for AVRO and JSON_SR keys (#6700)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/concepts/schemas.md

Here's what you can do with schema inference in ksqlDB:

-   Declare streams and tables on {{ site.ak }} topics with supported key and value formats by using 
    `CREATE STREAM` and `CREATE TABLE` statements, without needing to declare the key and/or value columns.
-   Declare derived views with `CREATE STREAM AS SELECT` and `CREATE TABLE AS SELECT` statements.
    The schema of the view is registered in {{ site.sr }} automatically.
-   Convert data to different formats with `CREATE STREAM AS SELECT` and
    `CREATE TABLE AS SELECT` statements, by declaring the required output
    format in the `WITH` clause. For example, you can convert a stream from
    Avro to JSON.

!!! note
    Message *keys* in Protobuf are not supported. If your message keys
    are in an unsupported format, see [What to do if your key is not set or is in a different format](../developer-guide/syntax-reference.md#what-to-do-if-your-key-is-not-set-or-is-in-a-different-format). 
    

> If declaring a stream or table with a key format that is different from its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're declaring a stream or table with a key format that's different from its

```

value format, and only one of the two formats supports schema inference,
you can explicitly provide the columns for the format that does not support schema inference
while still having ksqlDB load columns for the format that does support schema inference

> from m {{ site.sr }}. This is known as _partial schema inference_. To infer value columns

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from {{ site.sr }}. This is known as _partial schema inference_. To infer value columns

```

#### With a key column

The following statement shows how to create a new `pageviews` stream by reading
from a {{ site.ak }} topic that has Avro-formatted key and message values.

```sql
CREATE STREAM pageviews WITH (
    KAFKA_TOPIC='pageviews-avro-topic',
    KEY_FORMAT='AVRO',

>     VALUE_FORMAT='AVRO'

Reviewer 2: should we also mention `FORMAT='AVRO'`? I suspect this might be somewhat common

Author: Were you imagining a tip saying that this is equivalent to simply specifying `FORMAT`, updating these examples to use `FORMAT`, or something else? The `FORMAT` property is documented in https://github.com/confluentinc/ksql/blob/master/docs/developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-stream.md (and similar for CT, CSAS, and CTAS) which feels like the more appropriate place to formally introduce it, but I can certainly slip in a mention of it here as well.

Author: Discussed offline -- leaving this as is for now. Will see if we can consolidate information about keys into a natural place in a subsequent PR.
